To lighten your cooking everyday, do this:

- A bag of carrots
- Couple of cabbages
- two onions
- A bunch of celery

- one whole ginger root
- half of one garlic bulb (4-5 cloves)
- one table spoon of potatoe starch, for thickening
- one table spoon of oyster sauce
- one or two bag of instance noodle's flavouring pack, depending on the amount of vegetables
- some soya sauce


- Skin the ginger before shreading them into thin slices. 
- Smash the garlic to remove skins before chopping them down.
- Put the potatoe starch into a teacup or a rice bowl, pour in some cold water and stir to dilute them, use it at the end for thickening the sauce.

- Skin the carrot, divide in two or three chunks, slice one side to make it flat so you can lay it down on that flat side. Slice the other faces to make it square shape, then slice the chunk thinly. Change side halfway through to make slicing easier.

- Shredding the cabbage.
- Cut off the base of the celery, wash the inside (there are dirts in there) before cut to 2cm chunks
- Peel and cut half the onion. Then each half cut into 3. Put them into a bowl of water and peel off each layers to avoid the release of chemicals irretating your eyes.

- Store each cut out of vegetables separately and cook each individually. Put in about two-three rice bowls of water, just enough to steam the vegs. We are going to use this water for the sauce later on.

- Put each veg into a steamer, time them individually. Cabbage 4 mins, carrots 3 mins, celery 3-4 mins. Don't forget the vegs will continue to cook itself after removed from the steamer. Once remove put them all in a large container (ie. a large cooking pan). DO NOT STEAM THE ONION.

- DO NOT THROW AWAY THE STEAMING WATER IN THE STEAMER, USE IT FOR THE SAUCE.

- Get a large wok, put in a couple tbsp of veg oil. Wait until you see blue smoke coming out. Throw in the garlic, ginger, stir up for 1 min.

- Throw the onion in and stir for 30secs.

- Pour in the soya sauce, the oyster sauce, the packages of instant noodle's flavouring, cook for a bit then pour in  the water from the steamer. 

- Pour in the diluted potatoe starch to thicken the sauce.

- Turn off the heat once the sauce is thickened.

- Mix the vegetable into the sauce.

- Eat with hot rice.
- Store the remaining in a thight lid plactic box. Everbody just need to cook some rice and have the rice with it. It can last for days, without having to cook anything. That's what I do at home here.


